=====
Title
=====

Paragraph after title and before the first section.  Here you can briefly
describe what this document is about.

Here a second paragraph.

First Section
=============
To make a throw, the competitor starts in a circle of 2.5 metres (8 feet
2½ inches) diameter, which is recessed in a concrete pad by 20 mm. The thrower
typically takes an initial stance facing away from the direction of the throw.
He then spins counter-clockwise (for right-handers) around one and a half times
through the circle to build momentum, then releases his throw. The discus must
land within a 34.92-degree sector.

The rules of competition for discus are virtually identical to those of shot put
(see the shot put article), except that the circle is larger, a stop board is
not used and there are no form rules concerning how the discus is to be thrown.
There is, however, one conflicting nuance: Under NCAA, USATF, IAAF and WMA
rules, if a discus hits the surrounding safety cage and is deflected into the
sector, it is ruled a legal throw; under US high school rules it is ruled a
foul.

Distance
--------
The distance from the front edge of the circle to where the discus has landed is
measured, and distances are rounded down to the nearest centimetre (NCAA, USATF,
IAAF, WMA) or whole inch (US high school). The competitor's best throw from the
allocated number of throws, typically three to six, is recorded, and the
competitor who legally throws the discus the farthest is declared the winner.
Ties are broken by determining which thrower has the longer second-best throw.

Basic Motion
------------
The basic motion is a forehanded sidearm movement. The discus is spun off the
index finger or the middle finger of the throwing hand. In flight the disc spins
clockwise when viewed from above for a right-handed thrower, and
counter-clockwise for a lefty. As well as achieving maximum momentum in the
discus on throwing, the discus' distance is also determined by the trajectory
the thrower imparts, as well as the aerodynamic behavior of the discus.
Generally, throws into a moderate headwind achieve the maximum distance. Also, a
faster-spinning discus imparts greater gyroscopic stability. The technique of
discus throwing is quite difficult to master and needs lots of experience to get
right, thus most top throwers are thirty years old or more.


Second Section
==============
To make a throw, the competitor starts in a circle of 2.5 metres (8 feet
2½ inches) diameter, which is recessed in a concrete pad by 20 mm. The thrower
typically takes an initial stance facing away from the direction of the throw.
He then spins counter-clockwise (for right-handers) around one and a half times
through the circle to build momentum, then releases his throw. The discus must
land within a 34.92-degree sector. The rules of competition for discus are
virtually identical to those of shot put (see the shot put article), except that
the circle is larger, a stop board is not used and there are no form rules
concerning how the discus is to be thrown. There is, however, one conflicting
nuance: Under NCAA, USATF, IAAF and WMA rules, if a discus hits the surrounding
safety cage and is deflected into the sector, it is ruled a legal throw; under
US high school rules it is ruled a foul.

The distance from the front edge of the circle to where the discus has landed is
measured, and distances are rounded down to the nearest centimetre (NCAA, USATF,
IAAF, WMA) or whole inch (US high school). The competitor's best throw from the
allocated number of throws, typically three to six, is recorded, and the
competitor who legally throws the discus the farthest is declared the winner.
Ties are broken by determining which thrower has the longer second-best throw.

The basic motion is a forehanded sidearm movement. The discus is spun off the
index finger or the middle finger of the throwing hand. In flight the disc spins
clockwise when viewed from above for a right-handed thrower, and
counter-clockwise for a lefty. As well as achieving maximum momentum in the
discus on throwing, the discus' distance is also determined by the trajectory
the thrower imparts, as well as the aerodynamic behavior of the discus.
Generally, throws into a moderate headwind achieve the maximum distance. Also, a
faster-spinning discus imparts greater gyroscopic stability. The technique of
discus throwing is quite difficult to master and needs lots of experience to get
right, thus most top throwers are thirty years old or more.

Third Section
=============
To make a throw, the competitor starts in a circle of 2.5 metres (8 feet
2½ inches) diameter, which is recessed in a concrete pad by 20 mm. The thrower
typically takes an initial stance facing away from the direction of the throw.
He then spins counter-clockwise (for right-handers) around one and a half times
through the circle to build momentum, then releases his throw. The discus must
land within a 34.92-degree sector. The rules of competition for discus are
virtually identical to those of shot put (see the shot put article), except that
the circle is larger, a stop board is not used and there are no form rules
concerning how the discus is to be thrown. There is, however, one conflicting
nuance: Under NCAA, USATF, IAAF and WMA rules, if a discus hits the surrounding
safety cage and is deflected into the sector, it is ruled a legal throw; under
US high school rules it is ruled a foul.

Distance
--------
The distance from the front edge of the circle to where the discus has landed is
measured, and distances are rounded down to the nearest centimetre (NCAA, USATF,
IAAF, WMA) or whole inch (US high school). The competitor's best throw from the
allocated number of throws, typically three to six, is recorded, and the
competitor who legally throws the discus the farthest is declared the winner.
Ties are broken by determining which thrower has the longer second-best throw.

Basic Motion
------------
The basic motion is a forehanded sidearm movement. The discus is spun off the
index finger or the middle finger of the throwing hand. In flight the disc spins
clockwise when viewed from above for a right-handed thrower, and
counter-clockwise for a lefty. As well as achieving maximum momentum in the
discus on throwing, the discus' distance is also determined by the trajectory
the thrower imparts, as well as the aerodynamic behavior of the discus.
Generally, throws into a moderate headwind achieve the maximum distance. Also, a
faster-spinning discus imparts greater gyroscopic stability. The technique of
discus throwing is quite difficult to master and needs lots of experience to get
right, thus most top throwers are thirty years old or more.
